Chen Bufan, it's very reasonable for your wife to beat my brother-in-law, right?
This Han Tao is playing a hooligan on me
He's lucky I didn't kill him
If any of you don't agree, just come out
If anyone dares to confront me
I'm not going to kill today
I change the stolen money device once.
How crazy! Our Han family has been in the capital for hundreds of years
It is one of the three smoked ghosts
How dare you put away your superiority in front of me Chen Mofan
Chen Bufan, even if the sky falls today, I will handle my own affairs by myself
What's wrong with making such a fire?
Anyway, don't worry about it.
Well, since you can handle it
Then I will cheat on your husband
Isn't it lively?
The auction hasn't started yet
The sword has already opened its eyes
General Xia, save me